===High Priority (Must Have)===
  * ~~show upcoming events on the usergroup homepage~~
  * ~~show past events on the schedule page - add as a secound list or just sort them by newest first.~~
  * ~~display a usergroup from a domain name(hostheader)~~
  * ~~Deploy to the production server cruise control setup to deploy. one click.~~
  * ~~Change deployment process to support database migrations. The deploy currently rebuilds the database/schema and data.~~
  * ~~Clean up packaging nant target. There are files that need to be excluded in the packaging process.~~
  * ~~Add Method to reverse map the key to a domain name... or add a domain name to the User Group Entity.~~
  * ~~Change the key for the Default User Group. localhost is currently being used.  This causes a problem on the User Groups list page.  The url for the user group turns into http://localhost, we need to be able to generate the domain name from the key.~~
  * ~~Add A record to CodeCampServer.com to point to the production server.~~
  * ~~Add new new.adung.org cname to test out the adnug.org website.~~
  * ~~Allow HTML editing of conference homepage html.~~
  * ~~Remove auto schema export in zdataloader. Have migration nant target call export schema.~~
  * ~~Upgrade to MVC V1 with MvcContrib~~
  * ~~Change the Speaker entity to be a child of a Conference. Currently it is a Root Aggregate.~~
  * ~~Add users to manage a User Group.~~
  * ~~Apply System Admin Security to editing~~
  * ~~google analytics per usergroup.~~
  * ~~manage user permissions by usergroup.~~
  * Apply User Group Admin Security to editing
    * ~~Sessions~~
    * ~~speakers~~
    * ~~Conferences~~
    * ~~UserGroups~~
    * Users
    * Tracks
    * Timeslots
  * allow users to register on the site

===Low Priority (Should Have)===
  * Sponsors management
  * convert proposal to allow anonymous access
  * Configure TeamCity to auto commit the LatestVersion zip file.
  * Show sessions for a single track conference on the conference homepage.
 

===Could Have===
  * edit / css overrides for the group / deal with image later.
  * RSS Mashups for group / conference bloggers / local events
  * ICS for events.
  * add a map link to the location on conference